README.md, before:

# My Resume Repository

Welcome to my GitHub resume repository! This repository contains a collection of personal and school projects organized by programming language and specific project. Feel free to explore my work and reach out to me if you have any questions or collaboration opportunities.

## Languages

### Python
- **Shopping Cart**: 
  - Description: Add/remove by item w/ quantity. Calculates tax and total. All displayed in a GUI.
  - Additional Technologies Used: TKinter.
  - How to Run: type "python shopping_cart_gui.py" in terminal.
  - Additional Details: First self-determined school project.

### C#
- **Meditation**:
  - Description: Three meditation activities. Breathing, Reflecting, and Listing.
  - How to Run: Run in the terminal.
  - Additional Details: Practice inheritance.

- **Memorization**:
  - Description: Input a sentence or paragraph you would like to memorize. Slowly remove words and ask for hints on specific words to recieve a letter.
  - How to Run: Run in the terminal.
  - Additional Details: Practice encapsulation.
 
- **Journal**:
  - Description: Create a journal, add entries, and then save or load a journal.
  - How to Run: Run in the terminal.
  - Additional Details: learned how to save and load a profile.

### HTML/CSS
- **Cosmetology Website**: Personal Project
  - Description: simple website to display location, about them, and prices of cuts.
  - How to Run: Run using the extension "Live Server" on vscode.
  - Additional Details: Built for my sister and brother-in-law.

### Frontend/JavaScript
- **Chamber**: 
  - Description: Ririe Idaho Chamber of Commerce website. Using weather api and json to dynamically display information.
  - How to Run: Run using the extension "Live Server" on vscode.
  - Additional Details: great time to learn grid and flexbox.
 
- **Sleep-Outside**:
  - Repository Link: https://github.com/Rich-Wilkyness/WDD-230---Sleep-Outside.
  - Description: Dynamic website displaying outdoor gear, add to cart, and checkout.
  - Additional Tech Used: Node (preset), Vite, Prettier(format), trello.
  - How to Run: Run using the extension "Live Server" on vscode.
  - Additional Details: School shutdown the production site it was on, so altered code to run on "Live Server". First group project. Used trello(agile/scrum) to direct project through semester.

- **Netflix Clone**: Personal Project
  - Description: Unfinished clone of netflix. Has the greeting page and movie slide show page. Currently the watch later only works after 6 movies have been selected from the Popular on Netflix section. 
  - How to Run: https://rich-wilkyness.github.io/movieapi/
  - Additional Details: I hope to use node.js and react to take this project forward in the future, but currently learning both of these on my free time.
    
### Node.js
- **Santas Workshop**: 
  - Description: Practice backend with swagger, a variety of requests, and OAuth.
  - Additional Tech Used: MongoDB, Swagger, Mongoose, Express, Cors, Passport, and Render
  - How to Run: https://cse341-santas-workshop.onrender.com. going to /api-docs will take you to the swagger page to make any request. certain requests can only be made after using OAuth by going to /login and going through the process of logging into your github.
  - Additional Details: 

### PHP
- **Phpmotors**: 
  - Description: Dynamic car sale website. 
  - Additional Tech Used: phpMyAdmin to manage a mySQL database. Used XAMPP to host a local server.
  - How to Run: currently not settup to be accessed on the open web. You can run locally if you wish. Feel free to import the sql from my final-project.sql file. Go to "My Account" at the top of any page -> create new user "Sign-up!" -> this is a basic user, must go into database to change privilege to 3 for admin priviliges. This will allow you to add/delete car classifications or add/edit/delete vehicles from the database. Other functionality: search within the database, edit account details, and browse vehicles by car classification within the navigation bar. 
  - Additional Details: Teacher had us break some functionality with the final-project.sql which is different from our started sql (phpmotors.sql). Working on fixing these for full functionality. Currently cannot add/edit/delete vehicle to/from the database from the user interface.
    
## Contact Information

- **LinkedIn**: www.linkedin.com/in/christian-wilkerson-4b0766135
- **Email**: r.christian.wilkerson@gmail.com

Feel free to connect with me on LinkedIn or reach out via email if you have any questions or would like to discuss potential opportunities.

Commit message:

updating the README.md file

README.md, after:

# My Resume Repository

Welcome to my GitHub resume repository! This repository contains a collection of personal and school projects organized by programming language and specific project. Feel free to explore my work and reach out to me if you have any questions or collaboration opportunities.

## Languages

### Golang
- **Kether**: 
  - Description: A simple web application that currently allows a user to register, login, logout, edit and delete their profile.
  - Future: Still working with a friend to add the ability to create a test, add questions to that test, and retrieve a test that will populate with the assigned questions.
  - Additional Technologies Used: Chi, SCS, NoSurf and PostgreSQL.
  - How to Run: Follow to repos readme.md file.
  - Additional Details: Personal project inspired by several hours of Udemy tutorials applied to something I wanted to try and build.

### Python
- **Shopping Cart**: 
  - Description: Add/remove by item w/ quantity. Calculates tax and total. All displayed in a GUI.
  - Additional Technologies Used: TKinter.
  - How to Run: type "python shopping_cart_gui.py" in terminal.
  - Additional Details: First self-determined school project.

### C#
- **Meditation**:
  - Description: Three meditation activities. Breathing, Reflecting, and Listing.
  - How to Run: Run in the terminal.
  - Additional Details: Practice inheritance.

- **Memorization**:
  - Description: Input a sentence or paragraph you would like to memorize. Slowly remove words and ask for hints on specific words to recieve a letter.
  - How to Run: Run in the terminal.
  - Additional Details: Practice encapsulation.
 
- **Journal**:
  - Description: Create a journal, add entries, and then save or load a journal.
  - How to Run: Run in the terminal.
  - Additional Details: learned how to save and load a profile.

- **InovatorsGithub**:
  - Description: Team project that uses C# Blazor server and Bootstrap. Features include User registration and login, user profile, and user blog posts.
  - Additional Tech Used: Blazor, Bootstrap, Entity Framework, and Azure.

### HTML/CSS
- **Cosmetology Website**: First Website Personal Project
  - Description: simple website to display location, about them, and prices of cuts.
  - How to Run: Run using the extension "Live Server" on vscode.
  - Additional Details: Built for my sister and brother-in-law.

### JavaScript
- **Chamber**: 
  - Description: Ririe Idaho Chamber of Commerce website. Using weather api and json to dynamically display information.
  - How to Run: Run using the extension "Live Server" on vscode.
  - Additional Details: great time to learn grid and flexbox.
 
- **Sleep-Outside**:
  - Description: Dynamic website displaying outdoor gear, add to cart, and checkout.
  - Additional Tech Used: Node (preset), Vite, Prettier(format), trello.
  - How to Run: Run using the extension "Live Server" on vscode.
  - Additional Details: School shutdown the production site it was on, so altered code to run on "Live Server". First school group project. Used trello(agile/scrum) to direct project through semester.

- **Netflix Clone (movieapi)**: Personal Project
  - Description: Unfinished clone of netflix. Has the greeting page and movie slide show page. Currently the watch later only works after 6 movies have been selected from the Popular on Netflix section. 
  - How to Run: https://rich-wilkyness.github.io/movieapi/
  - Additional Details: I hope to use node.js and react to take this project forward in the future, but currently learning both of these on my free time.
    
### Node.js
- **Santas Workshop**: 
  - Description: Practice backend with swagger, a variety of requests, and OAuth.
  - Additional Tech Used: MongoDB, Swagger, Mongoose, Express, Cors, Passport, and Render
  - How to Run: https://cse341-santas-workshop.onrender.com. going to /api-docs will take you to the swagger page to make any request. certain requests can only be made after using OAuth by going to /login and going through the process of logging into your github.
  - Additional Details: 

### Next.js
- **Not A Financial Advisor**: 
  - Description: Features include a User Registration, Login, and Logout.
  - Additional Tech Used: TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Vercel.

### PHP
- **Phpmotors**: 
  - Description: Dynamic car sale website. 
  - Additional Tech Used: phpMyAdmin to manage a mySQL database. Used XAMPP to host a local server.
  - How to Run: currently not settup to be accessed on the open web. You can run locally if you wish. Feel free to import the sql from my final-project.sql file. Go to "My Account" at the top of any page -> create new user "Sign-up!" -> this is a basic user, must go into database to change privilege to 3 for admin priviliges. This will allow you to add/delete car classifications or add/edit/delete vehicles from the database. Other functionality: search within the database, edit account details, and browse vehicles by car classification within the navigation bar. 
  - Additional Details: Teacher had us break some functionality with the final-project.sql which is different from our started sql (phpmotors.sql). Working on fixing these for full functionality. Currently cannot add/edit/delete vehicle to/from the database from the user interface.
    
## Contact Information

- **LinkedIn**: www.linkedin.com/in/christian-wilkerson-4b0766135
- **Email**: r.christian.wilkerson@gmail.com
- **Phone Text**: 254-768-6448

Feel free to connect with me by text or reach out via email if you have any questions or would like to discuss potential opportunities.
